add k8s docs for getting started, K8s Manifest and Helm (#179)
opea-project/docs: examples/ChatQnA/deploy/k8s_getting_started.md

> # Getting Started

Author: The getting started is common for all 3 modes of k8s deployment. I have added to the index.rst file accordingly. Please let me know your thoughts.

## Introduction
Kubernetes is an orchestration platform for managing containerized applications, ideal for deploying microservices based architectures like ChatQnA. It offers robust mechanisms for automating deployment, scaling, and operations of application containers across clusters of hosts. Kubernetes supports different deployment modes for ChatQnA, which cater to various operational preferences:

> -   **Using GMC ( GenAI Microservices Connector)**: GMC can be used to compose and adjust GenAI pipelines dynamically on kubernetes for enhanced service connectivity and management.

Reviewer: It's better markdown hygiene to use only one space between the `-` and the first charter of the list item (not three).

- **Using Manifests**: This involves deploying directly using Kubernetes manifest files without the GenAI Microservices Connector (GMC).
- **Using Helm Charts**: Facilitates deployment through Helm, which manages Kubernetes applications through packages of pre-configured Kubernetes resources.

This guide will provide detailed instructions on using these resources. If you're already familiar with Kubernetes, feel free to skip ahead to (**Deploy using Helm**)

### Kubernetes Cluster and Development Environment

> **Setting Up the Kubernetes Cluster:** Before beginning deployment for the ChatQnA application, ensure that a Kubernetes cluster is ready. For guidance on setting up your Kubernetes cluster, please refer to the comprehensive setup instructions available on the [Opea Project deployment guide](https://opea-project.github.io/latest/deploy/index.html).

Author: @tylertitsworth 
Do you suggest switching to an h4 only for the section "Kubernetes Cluster and Development Environment"?
reason I ask is, the document has many items that are bolded and may not be suitable for h4
like kubectl, pods, Using Helm Charts, Using Manifests etc

**Development Pre-requisites:** To prepare for the deployment, familiarize yourself with the necessary development tools and configurations by visiting the [GenAI Infrastructure development page](https://opea-project.github.io/latest/GenAIInfra/DEVELOPMENT.html). This page covers all the essential tools and settings needed for effective development within the Kubernetes environment.

**Understanding Kubernetes Deployment Tools and Resources:**

> -   **kubectl**: This command-line tool allows you to deploy applications, inspect and manage cluster resources, and view logs. For instance, `kubectl apply -f chatqna.yaml` would be used to deploy resources defined in a manifest file.

Reviewer: Same here:  only one space between the `-` and first character of the list item.

#### Create and Set Namespace
A Kubernetes namespace is a logical division within a cluster that is used to isolate different environments, teams, or projects, allowing for finer control over resources and access management. To create a namespace called `chatqa`, use:
```bash
kubectl create ns chatqa
```
When deploying resources (like pods, services, etc.) into your specific namespace, use the `--namespace` flag with `kubectl` commands, or specify the namespace in your resource configuration files.

To deploy a pod in the `chatqa` namespace:
```bash
kubectl apply -f your-pod-config.yaml --namespace=chatqa
```
If you want to avoid specifying the namespace with every command, you can set the default namespace for your current context:
```bash
kubectl config set-context --current --namespace=chatqa
```

### Using Helm Charts to Deploy

**What is Helm?** Helm is a package manager for Kubernetes, similar to how apt is for Ubuntu. It simplifies deploying and managing Kubernetes applications through Helm charts, which are packages of pre-configured Kubernetes resources.

**Key Components of a Helm Chart:**

> -   **Chart.yaml**: This file contains metadata about the chart such as name, version, and description.

Reviewer: same here (one space after the `-`)

-   **values.yaml**: Stores configuration values that can be customized depending on the deployment environment. These values override defaults set in the chart templates.
-   **deployment.yaml**: Part of the templates directory, this file describes how the Kubernetes resources should be deployed, such as Pods and Services.

**Update Dependencies:**

> -  A script called **./update_dependency.sh** is provided which is used to update chart dependencies, ensuring all nested charts are at their latest versions.

Reviewer: and on these list items too

-   The command `helm dependency update chatqna`  updates the dependencies for the `chatqna` chart based on the versions specified in `Chart.yaml`.

**Helm Install Command:**

> -   `helm install [RELEASE_NAME] [CHART_NAME]`: This command deploys a Helm chart into your Kubernetes cluster, creating a new release. It is used to set up all the Kubernetes resources specified in the chart and track the version of the deployment.

Reviewer: ditto

> # Getting Started with Kubernetes for ChatQnA

Author: @mkbhanda That makes sense. I'll find a common place for it when I add Codegen, such that we can link all future helm guides for different OPEA examples to this file.

| ---               | ---                                                                                                                                                    |
| `Chart.yaml`      | This file contains metadata about the chart such as name, version, and description.                                                                    |
| `values.yaml`     | Overridable configuration values for the Helm chart deployment, used in the chart k8s object templates. |
| `templates/`  Directory | Contains YAML templates for Kubernetes objects, typically one file per object type (e.g., deployment.yaml for Deployments, service.yaml for Services). For more details, refer to the Helm Templates Best Practices.

**Update Dependencies:**

- A script called **./update_dependency.sh** is provided which is used to update chart dependencies, ensuring all nested charts are at their latest versions.
- The command `helm dependency update chatqna`  updates the dependencies for the `chatqna` chart based on the versions specified in `Chart.yaml`.

**Helm Install Command:**

> - `helm install [RELEASE_NAME] [CHART_NAME]`: This command deploys a Helm chart into your Kubernetes cluster, creating a new release. It is used to set up all the Kubernetes resources specified in the chart and track the version of the deployment.

Author: @mkbhanda I used the terminology form here - https://helm.sh/docs/intro/using_helm/#:~:text=for%20Kubernetes%20packages.-,A%20Release,-is%20an%20instance

"A release is a fundamental concept in Helm. When you deploy a Helm chart into your Kubernetes cluster using the helm install command, it creates a new release"

I can change it if it's confusing.

# Getting Started with Kubernetes for ChatQnA

## Introduction
Kubernetes is an orchestration platform for managing containerized applications, ideal for deploying microservices based architectures like ChatQnA. It offers robust mechanisms for automating deployment, scaling, and operations of application containers across clusters of hosts. Kubernetes supports different deployment modes for ChatQnA, which cater to various operational preferences:

- **Using GMC (GenAI Microservices Connector)**: GMC can be used to compose and adjust GenAI pipelines dynamically on kubernetes for enhanced service connectivity and management.

> - **Using Manifests**: This involves deploying directly using Kubernetes manifest files without the GenAI Microservices Connector (GMC).

Author: @arun-gupta switched to Helm only

**Understanding Kubernetes Deployment Tools and Resources:**

- **kubectl**: This command-line tool allows you to deploy applications, inspect and manage cluster resources, and view logs. For instance, `kubectl apply -f chatqna.yaml` would be used to deploy resources defined in a manifest file.
    
- **Pods**: Pods are the smallest deployable units created and managed by Kubernetes. A pod typically encapsulates one or more containers where your application runs.

**Verifying Kubernetes Cluster Access with kubectl**
```bash
kubectl get nodes
```

This command lists all the nodes in the cluster, verifying that `kubectl` is correctly configured and has the necessary permissions to interact with the cluster.

Some commonly used kubectl commands and their functions that will help deploy ChatQnA successfully:
|Command                          |Function                     |
|-------------------------------  |-----------------------------|
|`kubectl describe pod <pod-name>` | Provides detailed information about a specific pod, including its            current state, recent events, and configuration details.                            |

> |`kubectl delete deployments --all` |             Deletes all deployments in the current namespace, which effectively removes all the managed pods and associated resources.                |

Reviewer 2: Not all associated resources, only replicaset and pods.  E.g. associates Service, ServiceMonitor, configMap, access control etc resources still remain.

Author: changed to `kubectl delete -f <path-to-manifest>`

> |`kubectl get pods -o wide`         |              Retrieves a detailed list of all pods in the current namespace, including additional information like IP addresses and the nodes they are running on.               |

Reviewer 2: Use of "current" in all of these is wrong.

When namespace is not specified, removal is done from "default" namespace, not "current" one, whatever that is.

=> I think all examples should include namespace option,.

Author: Moved the `Create and Set Namespace` above this section to indicate what `current` namespace means.

|`kubectl logs <pod-name>`         |         Fetches the logs generated by a container in a specific pod, useful for debugging and monitoring application behavior.                    |
|`kubectl get svc`                  |            Lists all services in the current namespace, providing a quick overview of the network services and their status.

> #### Create and Set Namespace

Reviewer 2: IMHO would make sense to have this section before above one.

To deploy a pod in the `chatqa` namespace:
```bash
kubectl apply -f your-pod-config.yaml --namespace=chatqa
```
If you want to avoid specifying the namespace with every command, you can set the default namespace for your current context:
```bash
kubectl config set-context --current --namespace=chatqa
```

### Using Helm Charts to Deploy

**What is Helm?** Helm is a package manager for Kubernetes, similar to how apt is for Ubuntu. It simplifies deploying and managing Kubernetes applications through Helm charts, which are packages of pre-configured Kubernetes resources.

#### Key Components of a Helm Chart

| Component         |Description                                                                                                                                             |
| ---               | ---                                                                                                                                                    |
| `Chart.yaml`      | This file contains metadata about the chart such as name, version, and description.                                                                    |

> | `values.yaml`     | Stores configuration values that can be customized depending on the deployment environment. These values override defaults set in the chart templates. |

Reviewer 2: Somewhat misleading.  Maybe?
```suggestion
| `values.yaml`     | Overridable configuration values for the Helm chart deployment, used in the chart k8s object templates. |
```

> | `deployment.yaml` | Part of the templates directory, this file describes how the Kubernetes resources should be deployed, such as Pods and Services.                       |

Reviewer 2: Incorrect.  Typically template directory has one file per k8s object, with object type being used as the file name.

Better to just mention template dir, and maybe have pointer to Helm docs: https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/templates/

Author: @eero-t I can change it to:

| `templates/ ` Directory | Contains YAML templates for Kubernetes objects, typically one file per object type (e.g., deployment.yaml for Deployments, service.yaml for Services). For more details, refer to the [Helm Templates Best Practices](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/templates/).

**Update Dependencies:**

> - A script called **./update_dependency.sh** is provided which is used to update chart dependencies, ensuring all nested charts are at their latest versions.

Reviewer 2: Unique to OPEA.  Normally one just calls Helm dep command directly.

> - A script called **./update_dependency.sh** is provided which is used to update chart dependencies, ensuring all nested charts are at their latest versions.

Reviewer 3: Then we should use the standard tools instead of creating our own mechanisms

> - A script called **./update_dependency.sh** is provided which is used to update chart dependencies, ensuring all nested charts are at their latest versions.

Reviewer 2: I'm rather new to Helm, so all of this is very much AFAIK:
* Script is there because OPEA has many of the dependencies locally instead of in a Helm repo
* Normally users would update the repo first, and that would basically do what the script is needed for (refresh the deps to latest, not just minimum version)
* OPEA Helm charts are moving to repo, so I think in future that script is needed only in case when one wants to use local checkout

@poussa ?

- The command `helm dependency update chatqna`  updates the dependencies for the `chatqna` chart based on the versions specified in `Chart.yaml`.

**Helm Install Command:**

- `helm install [RELEASE_NAME] [CHART_NAME]`: This command deploys a Helm chart into your Kubernetes cluster, creating a new release. It is used to set up all the Kubernetes resources specified in the chart and track the version of the deployment.

For more detailed instructions and explanations, you can refer to the [official Helm documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/).

### Using Kubernetes Manifest to Deploy

> Manifest files in YAML format define the Kubernetes resources you want to manage. The main components in a manifest file include:

Reviewer 2: Section should be be removed.   Manifests will be removed because they're generated from Helm charts, and they don't catch all the configuration options possible with Helm charts.
